Job Scraper
Overview
The Job Scraper is a Python script designed to scrape job listings from the website Vacancy Mail. It extracts relevant job information such as job title, company name, location, expiry date, and job description, and saves this data into a CSV file for further analysis or use.

Features
Scrapes job listings from the specified website.
Extracts key information: Job Title, Company, Location, Expiry Date, and Job Description.
Saves the scraped data into a CSV file (scraped_data.csv).
Implements logging to track the scraping process and any errors encountered.
Requirements
To run this script, you need to have Python installed on your machine along with the following libraries:

requests: For making HTTP requests to fetch the webpage.
beautifulsoup4: For parsing HTML and extracting data.
pandas: For handling data and saving it to a CSV file.
You can install the required libraries using pip:

bash
Run
Copy code
pip install requests beautifulsoup4 pandas
Installation
Clone the Repository (if applicable):

bash
Run
Copy code
git clone <repository-url>
cd <repository-directory>
Install Dependencies: Make sure to install the required libraries as mentioned above.

Usage
Run the Script: Execute the script using Python:

bash
Run
Copy code
python job_scraper.py
Output:

The script will create a file named scraped_data.csv in the same directory, containing the job listings scraped from the website.
Logging
The script uses the logging module to log the process. You can find logs in the console output, which will inform you about the scraping process, including:

The start of the scraping process.
The number of job listings found.
Any errors encountered during data extraction.
Error Handling
If the script encounters a non-200 HTTP status code, it will log an error message.
If the structure of the website changes and the script fails to find job listings, it will log a warning.
Limitations
The script currently scrapes only the first 10 job listings. You can modify this limit in the code if needed.
If the structure of the website changes, the script may need to be updated to reflect those changes.
Ensure compliance with the website's robots.txt file and terms of service before scraping.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

Fork the repository.
Create a new branch (git checkout -b feature-branch).
Make your changes and commit them (git commit -m 'Add new feature').
Push to the branch (git push origin feature-branch).
Create a pull request.